Add Release Notes for Java Version 3.49 (#371)
SAP/cloud-sdk: docs/java/release-notes.mdx

### Fixed issues
-->

## 3.49.0 - July 15, 2021

[Maven Central](https://search.maven.org/search?q=g:com.sap.cloud.sdk*%20AND%20v:3.49.0) | [Javadoc](https://help.sap.com/doc/55bb1642ea614bf582d514ed34401136/1.0/en-US/index.html)

### Known issues

- The module `com.sap.cloud.sdk.frameworks:cxf` uses the Apache CXF dependencies of version `3.3.10` which is affected by vulnerabilities [CVE-2021-30468](https://nvd.nist.gov/vuln/detail/CVE-2021-30468).

>   Currently, this module is not consumed in other Cloud SDK modules.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Currently, this module is not consumed in other Cloud SDK modules. It's used internally for integration tests.
```

>   So, there is no harm during the runtime of any BTP application unless this module is directly consumed.

Reviewer: Why is this module there then? Should we just drop it? This abstract explains the issue but doesn't give a why.

Author: @KavithaSiva I think the sentence is missing which SDK module is affected? Could you maybe clarify the statement slightly?

Reviewer 2: The affected SDK module is `frameworks/cxf` module. This module is currently only consumed in our integration test module and not consumed in any other modules.

Author: I clarified it by adding the group ID

>   So, there is no harm during the runtime of any BTP application unless this module is directly consumed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Use of the SAP Cloud SDK doesn't compromise your application runtime unless you consume this module in your code directly.
```
